Exec Meeting Minutes - September 13th, 2013
==========================================

Authors
=======
James Finlay - @jtfinlay

Attendance
==========
James Finlay (President Fall)
Brent Erickson (President Winter)
Scott Hewson (VP External)
Andrew Fontaine (VP Social Fall)
AJ Sharpe (VP Social Winter)
Mavis Chan (VP Finance)

Minutes
=======

1. Positions Overview
	1. Junior Positions
		1. Stock: Stephane & Ryan
		2. GeerWeek Rep1: Anders
		3. Need others
	2. VP Internal
		1. At AGM, Voting for new VP Internal since Conrad gone
2. Financial Overview
	1. Overview
		1. Have ~$1600 (including current Engg Paper)
		2. VP Finance (Mavis) will provide monthly summary of
		   expenses/profits
3. Website
	1. VP Internal's duty to update blog & events
	2. Website recently updated, but should be updated monthly / when
	   possible
4. Logo
	1. Can discuss at AGM. Plan would be to continue selling old merch,
	   and transition to logo when buying new things
5. Events
	1. MACE (Meet a Computer Engineer)
		1. Have one at start of October
		2. VP Social (Andrew) will plan
		3. Can have Nicole & people's employers come to speak
		4. Costs include pizza, drinks, posters
	2. BONSPIEL
		1. 3rd week of January
		2. Have sign-ups due one week before last day of classes
		   (Dec)
		3. Need to ask companies for swag to give as prizes (Google,
		   Microsoft, BioWare)
		4. VP Finance (Mavis) will organize sponsorship. VP External
		   (Scott) will help
		5. VP Social (Andrew & AJ) will organize non-sponsorship
	3. HACK-A-THONS
		1. First is this Wednesday (Micrsoft Coding Competition)
		2. Can have another at end of October
		3. VP Social (Andrew) will contact Ray & Github
		4. VP External (Scott) can contact Hackerspace (ENTS) about
		   hardware hack-a-thon
	4. CHILLI
		1. Likely be too difficult, since requires lots of setup &
		   place to cook
	5. BARBECUE
		1. Talk to EE or MecE club to acquire bbq
		2. Will need people to run the bbq
		3. 10am-3pm on Monday or Wednesday are best hours
		4. Stock Reps buy food. VP Social (Andrew) manages
		5. VP External (Scott) will get price estimates
		6. Late Sept / Early Oct
	6. ICE CREAM SUNDAES
		1. Have in Atrium
		2. Easy to do, can have as Nov/Dec fundraiaser?
	7. GEER WEEK
		1. Movie script finished. Script Review & Planning on Sept 15th
		   @ 2pm
		2. Movie filming should start next weekend (September 21st)
		3. Toboggan needs a touch-up before Geer Week
		4. Beer bottles & still are in cage. Need someone's house to
		   brew.
		5. Should have biweekly meetings for Geer Week. Geer Week Reps
		   can plan. This will be brought up at AGM
	8. LASER TAG
		1. Groups of 35 or 45 people. Should give 2 weeks notice
		2. VP Social (Andrew) will phone LaserQuest to see what days
		   work for them
		3. Event planned for November 8th
		4. Can have list system. Limited seats however
		5. Split costs/profits with EE & EngPhys
6. Misc
	1. BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETING
		1. President (James) shared info regarding Sept 11th BoD 
		   Meeting
		2. Need to keep music quiet. Stop throwing balls / other
		   objects
		3. Presidents need to give Connor Harper full Student ID # by
		   Sept 20th for card access to ETLC
		4. Volunteers needed for Engg Expo (Sept 28th) & UAlberta Expo
		   (Oct 19th). Talk to Connor Harper
		5. SU is looking for 2 more engineering councillors
		6. Fall Reading Week needs to be approved by Dean Lynch. Could
		   take effect next year or year after
	2. NEW PRINTER
		1. Might be managed by 'Engineering IT Group.' They could give
		   us new one, potentially
	3. COUCH CLEANING
		1. Doesn't matter until December
	4. CLEANING SCHEDULE
		1. Will be made after AGM

	
