Exec Meeting Minutes – September 31st, 2013
===========================================

Authors
=======
James Finlay
Jake Charlebois

Attendance
==========

James Finlay (President Fall)
Brent Erickson (President Winter)
Scott Hewson (VP External)
Andrew Fontaine (VP Social Fall)
AJ Sharpe (VP Social Winter)
Mavis Chan (VP Finance)
Michael Blouin (VP Internal)
Stephen Just (Swag Buss, Coop Rep)
Anders Muskens (Couch Bum F)
Jake Charlebois (2nd Year Rep)
Eric Anderson (4th Year Rep)
Jacob Ortt (Geer Week Rep)
Brittany Lamorie (Geer Week Rep)
Stefan Martynkiw (Stock Rep)
Sydney Bitner (Couch Bum)
Denis Lachance

Minutes
=======

1. VP Finance
	a. $1000 in the account. -629.79 deficient spending for month
2. VP Internal
	a. Had EUEF (Engineering Equipment Undergrand Fund) meeting. Department
	   wants to upgrade Power Labs (unsafe). 
	b. Email Mike with any suggestions for EUEF. 
	c. Current suggestion -> upgrade ETL E5-002 (computer have 2GB RAM).
	   Send computer info to Mike.
3. VP External
	a. Going to email ENTS (Edmonton Hackerspace) regarding hardware 
	   hackathon
4. VP Social
	a. MACE 
		i. This Thursday, all ready to go. Posters are up.
		ii. James will have questions ready for panel.
		iii. Order pizza at beginning of event as to not over/under 
		     order
	b. Laser Tag
		i. $35 Tickets, Nov 8th. Posters are up and ready to go.
	c. Bonspiel
		i. Jacob Ortt in charge. Jacob will look at booking the ice. 
		   Jacob to contact Mavis afterwards
	d. BBQ
		i. Next Week (Monday)
		ii. Andrew to contact MecEs & Nicole for info on BBQ
		iii. Scott to make sign-up schedule
	e. Hack-a-thons
		i. Andrew contacted Github --- POST-MEETING INFO: Github is 
		   willing to be involved. They can offer Github swag, social 
		   event (ice cream social), Github developer for tech-talk (if
		   available)
		ii. (As mentioned in Section 3) Scott to contact ENTS
		iii. Microsoft – have provisions for 1 or 2 more ($800)
5. Geer Week
	a. James to send Scott geer week rep info (Done)
	b. Song list nearly done. Band assembled
	c. Dance – need list of people willing to dance. Sydney will 
	   choreograph
	d. Need meeting this week
	e. Beer brewing stuff & toboggan in cage
	f. Pranks week – don’t get arrested
6. Stock Reps
	a. Stefan will contact Chris regarding Keurig coffee
	b. Stock Run to happen Thursday
7. Swag Boss
	a. Could potentially get more shirts? 
	b. Not worrying about new logo yet
8. Printer
	a. Stefan will buy toner for printer ($19)
9. Misc
	a. Need to clean fridge. It’s nasty.
